README.md, before:

#  Just Not Know
## A To-Do App

At some day in life, most developers reach the point where they want to write their own to-do app. 
There are already countless apps like this, but if the urge is too great, you just have to do it!
And why not? 
It's a good opportunity to practise your skills and try out new technologies.

## History

#### 2025-09-29
- Added App Icon
- Changed Canel + Save Button to Liquid Glass

### 2025-05-01
- Added gray color for completed items in the ToDoItemView
- Added a section for symbols in the AddToDoItemView
- Added a sheet to select different symbols

### 2025-04-21
- Bigger Icons for List entries
- New Form for adding new ToDo

### 2025-04-20
- Added filtering

### 2025-04-19
- Initial commit with boilerplate code. Add and delete sample data.

## ToDo

- ToDoRepository in App Root
- Remove last line in ListView
- Rectangle more left
- Edit
- Badge Items Count
- NotificationCenter reminder
- Status Bar white
- Symbol Picker center and full row clickable
- Search at Buttom and glass

Commit message:

2025-10-03 Design Updates - Statusbar and Symbol Picker

README.md, after:

#  Just Not Know
## A To-Do App

At some day in life, most developers reach the point where they want to write their own to-do app. 
There are already countless apps like this, but if the urge is too great, you just have to do it!
And why not? 
It's a good opportunity to practise your skills and try out new technologies.

## History

#### 2025-10-02
- Symbol in form now centered
- Statusbar content is now white 

#### 2025-09-29
- Added App Icon
- Changed Canel + Save Button to Liquid Glass

### 2025-05-01
- Added gray color for completed items in the ToDoItemView
- Added a section for symbols in the AddToDoItemView
- Added a sheet to select different symbols

### 2025-04-21
- Bigger Icons for List entries
- New Form for adding new ToDo

### 2025-04-20
- Added filtering

### 2025-04-19
- Initial commit with boilerplate code. Add and delete sample data.

## ToDo

- ToDoRepository in App Root
- Remove last line in ListView
- Rectangle more left
- Edit
- Badge Items Count
- NotificationCenter reminder
- Search at Buttom and glass
